[Feat][WRS-1759] Add common package to share connector's related types (#612)
chili-publish/studio-sdk: packages/sdk/src/README.md

By doing this, we can introduce breaking changes without disrupting your integration when you update. Our goal is to maintain stability for the major version while still allowing flexibility for innovation. When a major update occurs, the functions and additions from this section will be moved to the main part of the SDK.

### Imports

**Deprecated:** If you’re using the next controller, consider importing the typings from the next types as well. These (breaking) typings are accessible in your application by referencing @chili-publish/studio-sdk/lib/src/next, for example:

```ts
import type { ListVariable } from '@chili-publish/studio-sdk/lib/src/next';
```

> NOTE: the above import method is deprecated and will be removed in next major release. Consider to use root import with `Next` namespace instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: the above import method is deprecated and will be removed in next major release. Consider using root import with the `Next` namespace instead
```
Nit.
